Updated ReadMe for future Use and Contributions (#284)
kyleskom/NBA-Machine-Learning-Sports-Betting: README.md

# NBA Sports Betting Using Machine Learning 🏀
<img src="https://github.com/kyleskom/NBA-Machine-Learning-Sports-Betting/blob/master/Screenshots/output.png" width="1010" height="292" />

A machine learning AI used to predict the winners and under/overs of NBA games. 

## About

Takes all team data from the 2007-08 season to current season, matched with odds of those games, using a neural network to predict winning bets for today's games.  
  

>   Achieves ~75% accuracy on money lines and ~58% on under/overs. 

Reviewer: Is this correct?  The current model in the repo is at 68.9% on ML

Make sure all packages above are installed.

```

> python3 main.py -xgb -odds=fanduel

Reviewer 2: why is xgb model exclusively used over the other ones?

```
*Note: 
Odds data will be automatically fetched from **sbrodds** if the -odds option is provided with a sportsbook.  Options include: fanduel, draftkings, betmgm, pointsbet, caesars, wynn, bet_rivers_ny*

If `-odds` is not given, enter the under/over and odds for today's games manually after starting the script.

> Optionally, you can add '-kc' as a command line argument to see the recommended fraction of your bankroll to wager based on the model's edge

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can add `-kc` as a command line argument to see the recommended fraction of your bankroll to wager based on the model's edge
```
